Docs: Point monorepo links to next branch (#33799)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/new-frameworks.mdx

The value of the `framework` option (i.e., ‘vue’) is something that gets passed to addons and allows them to do specific tasks related to your framework.

> The essence of this file is the framework presets, and these are standard [Storybook presets](../addons/writing-presets.mdx) -- you can look at framework packages in the Storybook monorepo (e.g. [React](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/react/src/server/options.ts), [Vue](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/vue/src/server/options.ts), [Web Components](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/web-components/src/server/options.ts)) to see examples of framework-specific customizations.

Reviewer: @pavan-sh, can you take a look at the comment? The links you're providing don't exist either. They should align with what the bot is mentioning. We can go with:

```suggestion
The essence of this file is the framework presets, and these are standard [Storybook presets](../addons/writing-presets.mdx) -- you can look at framework packages in the Storybook monorepo (e.g. [React](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/frameworks/react-vite/src/preset.ts), [Vue](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/frameworks/vue3-vite/src/preset.ts), [Web Components](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/frameworks/web-components-vite/src/preset.ts)) to see examples of framework-specific customizations.
```

{/* prettier-ignore-end */}

> The `start` function abstracts all of Storybook’s framework-independent client-side (browser) code, and it takes the render function we defined above. For examples of render functions, see [React](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/react/src/client/preview/render.tsx), [Vue](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/vue/src/client/preview/render.ts), [Angular](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/angular/src/client/preview/render.ts), and [Web Components](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/app/web-components/src/client/preview/render.ts) in the Storybook monorepo.

Reviewer: @pavan-sh when you're able, can you adjust this to the following? The bot is accurate to some extent. 
```suggestion
The `start` function abstracts all of Storybook’s framework-independent client-side (browser) code, and it takes the render function we defined above. For examples of render functions, see [React](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/renderers/react/src/render.tsx), [Vue](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/renderers/vue3/src/render.ts), [Angular](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/frameworks/angular/src/client/render.ts), and [Web Components](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/renderers/web-components/src/render.ts) in the Storybook monorepo.
```
